1. main.c, needs to be up by next meeting for the integration of the codes
2. Refine Database.c and Database.h
3. Can look to refine the hashmap to become list_Hash_Map, which is a structured 

TO DO:
1. Modify the database.c file to initialize a empty database.txt file. (done)
2. Have the fileIO.h and fileIO.c to open and save the BaggageEzDB.txt
3. Create a menu to display declaration and show the open and save command
    - Users will be prompted to input accordingly.
    - Open leads to open file and allocate memeory and closing it afterwards
        > This will lead users to select the 5 functions
        > Users to choose what function to use (if...else)
    - Save file(Make the file rewrite over previous data and save the newest data)
4. Unit Testing(Saturday)
5. Error validation (Sunday)




Create a main function to ensure that there is a showall function done up, then run the codes to ensure that a type r file is created
Read and display all of the dataset within the Database
Ensure that the query function works 


Right now the ambiguity comes from the fact that all of the function does not read off of the Database that has  already been created
I will need to modify the codes to allow it to read off of my database.txt  file.

Declaration
SIT’s policy on copying does not allow the students to copy source code as well as assessment solutions
from another person or other places. It is the students’ responsibility to guarantee that their assessment
solutions are their own work. Meanwhile, the students must also ensure that their work is not accessible
by others. Where such plagiarism is detected, both of the assessments involved will receive ZERO mark.
We hereby declare that:
• We fully understand and agree to the abovementioned plagiarism policy.
• We did not copy any code from others or from other places.
• We did not share our codes with others or upload to any other places for public access.
• We agree that our project will receive Zero mark if there is any plagiarism detected.
Declared by: Group Name: (please insert your group name)
Team members:
1. Mock Jun Yu
2. Ng Shu Yi
3. Julian Teo
4. Soon Jun Hong, Samuel
5. Muhammad Yusri Bin Abdullah 
6. Tamo Cholo Rafael Tandoc
Date: 23/11/2023 XXXXHRS

Currently Done:
1. Test on Insert, Update, delete function (scrappy codes)

TO DO AS OF 18/10/2023:
2. Come up with user input.h and.c to call for user input
3. Integrate with test done by julian and then merge with menu 1 and 2 from yusri and Cholo
4. FINAL INTEGRATION TEST


